1. I think that Lialina’s definition of the “universal user” recognizes this specific user’s extensive knowledge of computer machinery and understanding of how it functions to make a program operate - briefly mentioning UI and UX design. I think it is a useful category for understanding Schwulst’s argument of advocating for individual websites over platforms because the “universal user” will try to provide a more unique, optimum experience for all types of users. With various approaches Schwulst mentioned, like the plant metaphor, he advises that individual websites take time to flourish and cannot be rushed. This category of “universal users'' can motivate others, especially those in the creative tech, media, animation, or any other art or design field to take up space in the field and branch out from the mainstream platforms that are currently dominating. 


2. The kind of computer user I would refer to myself as is an “invisible user” because I have always solely relied on interfaces to guide/direct my tasks that it was like I was not fully involved in what I wanted to do - or that the user is “fixed” to the interface and not aware of that. Lialina mentioned “the coziness of iProducts” and I related to that because I was young when the first iPhones and iPods came out and became familiar with the interface and stuck in this Apple ecosystem that has impacted how I use it, emotional influences, etc. In contrast, Lialina mentioned the “general-purpose user” who strives to use any application to “achieve their goals regardless of the primary purpose” which is the total opposite of the invisible user and made me rethink user’s relationships with technology and interfaces, so that there shouldn’t be limitations that restrict the user. 






1. What do you think of Lialina’s definition of the universal user? Do you think it is a useful category for understanding Schwulst’s argument advocating for individual websites over platforms? Explain why and provide at least 1 example. 
2. What kind of computer user are you? Draw on concepts from Lialina’s text, and integrate a quotation in your answer. Make use of metaphor, if you can, to describe your experience online (à la Schwulst).